listen it's time to get the umbrella
academy back together
so netflix is on chapter two of eight in
their super powered story arc of the
academy siblings who are now dealing
with time travel
secret societies and dance parties as
per ellen's contract
i think they did well with their bigger
budget and i have some theories for how
they're going to be setting up this
bigger world
so a big thanks to surf shark for
sponsoring this video oh and by the way
guys
spoiler alert there will be spoilers in
this video
let me explain so in case you haven't
caught up with season one we have a
whole video on it breaking down these
siblings who were adopted by a
billionaire when 43 women magically gave
birth to superpower babies at the same
time we covered how they each represent
a different stage of grief considering
they were trained to be superheroes
by a father who belittled them this man
experimented on them with primate serum
even blamed them for the death of their
sibling when it was he who was sending
the teens out to fight grown super
villains
i have a deep dislike of
children needless to say vania who is
rumored to have no powers
ends up becoming a ticking time bomb and
causes the apocalypse before the 60 year
old man in a kid's body
rescues them via time travel and they
end up in the 1960s
where they've now caused an all-out
world war iii and yet again another
apocalypse they're fighting amongst the
dead we see that all their powers have
evolved now that they're
fighting together but then they get
nuked and it's all over so pretty much
when it comes to time travel you're
gonna deal with more apocalypses than
jedi's do
death stars because we have to stop the
apocalypse
no [ __ ] but that has happened for
another 60 years
not that apocalypse this is a new one
so considering we have seven siblings i
figured we'd cover them in order
to just keep everything on track so
starting with number five i can explain
so number five in my opinion is the best
character of the season show
comic he's even a movie reviewer hey
guys aiden here and today
i'm going to be reviewing straight outta
compton
alright guys so i really like this movie
on his spare time he also saves the
world since he's a 60 year old time
traveling assassin who got stuck in his
kid body
he's the last one to arrive in the 60s
when the soviets are attacking
and at the last second is able to be
sent back 10 days earlier thanks to
hazel
the other assassin wanted to kill him
now it's up to him to stop the
apocalypse and save his family once
again but i'm gonna just say
just like there was enough room for jack
on that board hazel could have
easily joined him on that briefcase jump
once again like they literally just did
at the same time you know we get a
little backstory on hazel and how agnes
his love
the one constant hazel had has passed
and he just didn't want to live
another day without her but i'm still
hoping we see him again fire breaks into
a tv salesman's house named elliot who
he practically turns into a secretary
and i really like delia he's that guy
who everyone thinks is crazy because of
his conspiracy theories until they find
out that they're true
then he's just a little crazy he was
peter parking them in the alley scoping
out each sibling as they landed in his
timeline
finally being able to justify his
divorce god damn
he brings up the deep state and the 12
who run everything as five gives him the
franco footage to develop
which reveals that their father reggie
was there on the day of the
assassination
what's crazy is that in real life there
actually was an umbrella man there
which they seem to be everywhere and the
match of truth and conspiracies is
something that season two really plays
into
we don't have to understand [ __ ] about
it for it to be real
well the truth is out there they then
break into their father's place to find
it but instead walk into a setup
alamed theory number one reggie is
running everything
you can't outsmart the man who taught
you like he's leaving files covered in
the dust
literal decoys he's read the script
right if not written it but
five on the other hand is ready to be
called father time he's carrying the
entire family on his back that my poor
boy has scoliosis
i mean obviously it's also because he's
an old man who's arguing with himself
that
i love how he drinks more coffee than
dale cooper in order to keep up with
everything that's going on
in season two they also dive a little
into his skills as an assassin which
came after the operation the commission
did on him when they hired him
binding the dna of some of the craziest
assassins out there so that he could
time travel with ease
and so my money was really on him
beating bonnie in that one scene because
he's already one and oh
wanya do not test me right now it's also
cool seeing each sibling developed not
just in their powers but in their way of
thinking because
at first phi was really childish i've
been practicing my spatial jumps just
like you said
see a spatial jump is trivial
when compared with the unknowns of time
travel
and now i mean he's still a child but
with the mind of a 60 year old who
quotes a passage from homer to his
father because he realized that that's
his journey i gave you such a hard time
as a kid
i didn't know any better one criticism i
do have would be how a trained time
traveler you know someone who should
know better in many cases
causes so many like loops and ripples
and time to happen but i do love that
they've showcased him as someone who's
decided to
fully put his family first over
everything even though they always
arrive last
luther is number one but he's still dead
last in my book
i can explain everything that he
suffered through in season one just
comes back to haunt this man again in a
different timeline
he was belittled by his father before
and after he was born
yet again you are experiencing daddy
issues
he's still learning to interact with
people after being marooned up on the
moon alone
alien from the future and you look like
an ape and it's that crazy ape
experiment that his dad pulled on him
that still weighs heavy on him literally
poor guys denting trunks and
ruining more suspensions and fisted in
spider-verse you are so
goddamn big sometimes i forget what a
sensitive bastard you are
now that he's stuck living in the 60s he
becomes a boxer instead he's a real-life
mobster who took down lee harvey and you
know since the series is meshing with
real life
maybe that dude he's also connected with
the table that's running things but it
also connects back to the advice luther
got in season one
think about the fight game
you got the pills even then he still
finds a way to throw a fight
so jack throws him out ending his rocky
storyline
now in the season with lme i know it was
really harsh on luther but
this boy at one point luther appears to
vanya during a scene in the barn when he
hasn't seen her
he's ready to shoot his sister he even
finally admits he's at fault
i just made it all worse i never wanted
to be the bad guy
like when you take into account that
five who's an assassin
knew better than to tell vanya that she
caused an apocalypse and she's
healing and getting better what causes
the apocalypse
the asteroid you did damn no lube luther
however it is more of an emotional arc
for him since not even kids respect him
in this timeline
why bad dip [ __ ] in season one he had
opened up to his sister allison who
well technically not related they built
a bond as they were raised together as
he went from being on the moon to
dancing in the moonlight
and also i have to tell you sweetie it
is still incest if you are
adopted since luther only listens to
papa reggie though he seeks out allison
and realizes that she's married meaning
he has to eat his own present
i ate so much this season and that's a
reoccurring thing in the comic where he
keeps eating his feelings away
but once they saw fat thor and end game
they cut it that said
every time my boy saw buffet he still
said getting tired yet
i could do this all day luckily he
befriends someone in this time period we
can
finally relate with and that's elliot
they do nitrous and just vents about
their sad lives
my wife left me for my best friend
on our 10th anniversary i know luther
will eventually find his redemption but
he does have some moments here
kinda he ends up helping five find
number five in order to get
five's briefcase and he's able to get
half the job done
i love how this portal connects back to
the season one pilot which is really
cool
and how the academy saw an older five
come back and then turn into his younger
self
but also how claus
yeah he just knew he deserved this in
season one
vania landed several years after her
siblings on october 12 1963
and mind you it only took a month after
her arrival for the earth to end
again new timeline new me she gets hit
by her car as soon as she drops and gets
amnesia as his texas family brings her
in
carl's the all-american father who ends
up drunk at nightclubs while sissy's a
stay-at-home wife taking care of their
son harlan and his special needs which
vanya ends up helping with at one point
she even saves harlan
and it looks like she has the ability to
heal or bring people back from the dead
maybe even transferring over her powers
if harlan didn't already have them but
then she also rescues [ __ ]
vanya starts to remember her past and
her dreams but [ __ ] starts to keep her
up at night
don't take this wrong but i wish i'd run
you over years ago
at one point banya does get attacked by
the swedes and the tall grass and
rediscovers her power as five then comes
in for her look you can either stay here
and wait for the ikea mafia to come back
to kill you or you can come with me
she goes back to her farm life her and
[ __ ] then start a relationship since
carl is always out
and considering she's already harlan's
nanny you know they're practically their
own family
until carl finds out he's still my
husband
who you don't love anymore just be a
little patient while i figure things
out i like that they didn't make carl an
all-out evil dude like he definitely
wasn't a great guy by any means but they
wrote him in a way where he was already
suspicious of there being spies out
there during this time
there is one thing the fbi takes
seriously it is a communist threat to
this country so then for
out of nowhere a russian to land in
front of your car with amnesia and
snatch your wife
that said i'm not condoning cheating in
any way shape or form
but this fool was bargaining his child
and willing to put him up in an
institution in the 60s like
not even the kraken can get out of that
carlin sets it up so that the state
troopers block them from leaving
capture vanya and then pull all these
strange things on her in their
facilities but because vania and harlan
are synced
they kind of like shine to one another
and she's able to fully remember
everything as harlan pulls a midnight
special
and deflects a bullet that ends up
killing his dad
and somehow allison's storyline is
heavier
so here's the scariest thing to check on
your iphone go to your settings
privacy location system services and
then click significant locations
and realize why vpns are important we're
not even getting into the ad tracking
they do on you so thanks to our sponsor
you can protect yourself from all that
stuff
way better than luther ever can surf
shark helps encrypt your info so you can
be online safely and not have to worry
about your digital wallet and all of
your data
it allows you to connect to different
locations which helps with booking
prices if you don't own a televator and
bypasses streaming restrictions so
things aren't blocked for you and you
can boot it up quicker than you could
say tick-tock
it's available on mobile devices so you
can save on roaming when you're out and
about
or your home devices so you can be fully
protected indoors it's also an ad
blocker which i think is really cool
and it helps protect you from targeted
ads so not even reggie hargreaves can
listen in on you
and the beauty of it is that it's
unlimited and you can put it on all of
the devices that you have
we used to say vpns are going to be a
commodity that everyone needs to be if
they're going to be online but um
that time is now when everyone literally
is so thanks to surfsharkvpn for
sponsoring us and setting up a link
where you can stay protected
and also support this channel so if
you're interested head on over to get
search
vpn at surfshark dot deal let me explain
and enter the promo code let me explain
for 85
off and three extra months for free and
that way
not even the commission can snoop in on
you
now compared to everyone else's
storyline allison's journey is a little
different
everyone's landed in that time that i'm
assuming people refer to when they say
america was great and how they want it
you know everything was clean everything
was pure everything was
wait a minute i'd like to be served
please
can't you read girl and considering she
had no voice at the start
i'm surprised she's all right i told you
i can explain
at the end of season one she had her
throat slashed by vania but was able to
survive
taking a whole year to recover before
she could even speak again and then
stopped using her power so she could
finally feel like she earned some things
she gets a job at the salon gets married
and even starts a revolution right
before kennedy arrives in dallas
ray would want us to move forward then
he say that to you
those exact words he didn't have to
because this movement is bigger than all
of us
even rey i do worry that there's going
to be like a fantastic beast conundrum
with the more that they weave into real
life events cause
you know people got mad at the wizards
being involved with like world war ii
and maybe even 911
like how do they decide what atrocities
to tackle when they have the ability and
have these superpowers
what do they let be especially when you
consider that hargreaves is literally in
a secret society
that knows about any systemic issues
it's a slippery slope of time travel and
power is just
in general for a lot of movies and media
i mean if your power is meant to fight
villains and you know
vamonos you can't expect her to spend
365 days in the 60s and everything she
did there
and not take that energy back to 2019
you know
especially when she was a black actress
in hollywood but hey maybe that's why
they ended the season
on what seems to be an alternate
timeline cause there ain't no way
hell then a white cop is just gonna walk
away because of black women's housing
as is the case with every unknown thing
humans just you know they just turn from
it
her husband and organizers don't trust
her anymore once they think she has
these like crazy powers
and are ready to sit her out when she
finally decides to confront her husband
i'm gonna tell you everything wait a
minute how long you been married
oh yeah we're coming up on a year now
damn he said it will smile too
homie's been waiting an entire year but
we've been waiting over six episodes so
did you use it on me would i even know
luckily he forgives her when they take
her powers out for a spin but
if you recall she did kind of use it on
her ex-husband she pulled a queenie on
him
in the first season on her own sister
who she helped her press as they lied to
her
and how she must have been using it on
herself because this lady forgot she had
a child
klaus and ben are the first to arrive in
dallas on february 11 1960 and with it
being a wild wild country
claus easily becomes a prophet in no
time which he then wants to escape from
klaus's power so far includes being able
to summon and manifest spirits in the
real world as well as talking to the
dead but because he's scared of both
he gets high all the time since it's
able to dampen those abilities that is
until
one of the few people he found solace in
was dave who he met in vietnam when he
was stranded in time in season one
and in season two guess who hey
yeah that's what it says on my name tag
yeah however
dave's uncle who gets him to enlist
hates commies
but what he really hates is pink paint
makes sense you know pink can actually
be very masculine in the right setting
and that's the thing you know it sucks
but you make someone in with the wrong
people
and they will always disappoint you
klaus relapses but luckily he ends up
crashing with allison after reuniting
with her and even frees her husband from
jail you're my brother-in-law
what yeah man family barbecues are about
to get real
weird i know this continues the slippery
slope of allison's power and her not
using it to
help her siblings when she did use it on
her siblings for other stuff i know she
was a minor but
i really just wanted to know the
limitations to her powers because in the
comics
this lady can rumor in a clone the other
big aspect dealing with claws is ben
since he's the only one who could talk
to the dead and thus he's the only one
who sees her dead sibling
like all the time you need me
nobody needs her [ __ ] klaus that's why
you're always alone
klaus has been living with the guilt of
keeping ben from going into the light
after his death as a teen
who still ages in the afterlife for some
reason but ben never went because he was
scared of the light and it isn't until
he got to live once more through klaus's
body
that he breaks on through to the other
side when you have a show that deals
very heavily in time travel you know
death
see ceases to have the finality of
of say an apocalypse you know that said
i'd prefer that overriding shotgun in
this man's body
easily
diego arrives in 1963 and they put this
man straight into a war because of his
hero complex
now considering allison's storyline
which we just covered and the fact that
they are in texas
during this time you know this lady
would have accused him of having a
switchblade
and then they would have booted him that
said his dad does will they eventually
go head to head i can't believe i got
shanked by my own father
diego's power at first seems to be like
bullseye where he can throw things with
impeccable aim
but in season two we see that it's
really him being able to manipulate
objects that are in the air that's the
superpower
and oh yeah ruining a marriage sad
reality is that you're a desperate man
tragically unaware of his own
insignificance bro how are you gonna
fight alongside these people you call
your siblings when they let your
non-dead father flame you in the comic
number two actually had a crush on vania
and even had a band with her with a
chimpanzee
before breaking up because diego was too
busy playing rorschach but now he's
locked up with people who actually see
his vision
his roommate at the ward is named lila
and this girl keeps bacon in her sock
she's the type to break into a car and
then sit on the glass but she's also
diego's new patch
is which are guys by all the time she
whoops them
jesus what the hell do you think you're
doing i don't understand you
lila was actually raised by the handler
after her parents were assassinated she
then had her hair cut like she was
starring in the fifth element for some
reason
very the name to lila and then trained
her to be an assassin
which of course five knows about well it
wasn't very hard
she fights like every one of you
commissioned drones i really do like how
they had a lot of clues throughout with
something we're gonna cover with the
season three segment
but you know they had lila hiding in the
closet in that one scene which clearly
would have been her communicating back
during a fight scene with five she's
even mimicking his powers and that's how
she's getting to places faster we just
don't see that transition
but overall i thought she was an
interesting addition to the season and
i'm glad she stuck to her mission and
they had her really be a trained
assassin and not go the cliche route of
her wanting to save diego because it's
her boy toy um
but then she like she doesn't say this
man at all
jesus what the hell do you think you're
doing i don't understand you
she makes it up to him by hiring him on
her team when she gets promoted at the
commission to run a security unit and i
love how the commission has its own
jurassic park clippy intro tape which
diego completely ignores
instead he finds the infinite
switchboard which lets him peek into the
future
as he realizes vanya is the bomb she
will always be the bomb
now i really like kate walsh as a
handler she was a split roll from the
comics that originated from a
talking fish in a robo body so i was a
little worried when i saw they finally
got the budget for the fish in season 2
and they were ready to boot her
you will be demoted she's now working
under herb who just so happens to be the
same actor who did the body double for
pogo and i really like her since he's
cool with everybody
man just comes in to make some
adjustments here and there for the
bureau and
he's always on time don't mess with case
management stand damn dad
that said the handler has her own
private practice to worry about
she's been scheming in the background
making sure things go her way she's the
type of lady who goombas a cat
she makes fish thumping kids like darla
pissed her pants kills her own guards
and then eats her enemies like a wolf on
wall street
side note it was actually five who ended
up eating the fish so it's a nice little
interesting play right there
usually a lot of comic book villains get
diluted in their tv adaptations but
i really like how they split the role
and added more depth to her character
and it really is kate's performance that
kills it on top of that there's a reveal
that she's lila's adoptive mother
who was one of the 43 kids born on the
same day as the umbrella gang
she's not our biological sister
as we've seen hargreaves wasn't the only
one going after children with special
abilities
in season one the handler recruits five
to the temps commission and then uses
them to kill lila's parents
is able to blame it on carmichael to
fish and then goes after another
superpowered child
before lyla even knows that she's been
manipulated on top on top of that
she's also hired
really quick i don't think these guys
were better than hazel and chacha like
at all but at least their wigs weren't
as bad as diego cause
but they did my boy dirty
but their accents were still terrible
pretty much they're a trinity of
assassins who saw season three of dark
and tried being as creepy as they were
they play knife roulette against each
other leave creepy messages in blood
after they've tortured and killed elliot
and drink from these weird bottles which
i'm assuming are like the drinks in the
comic that help people translate their
languages so they can communicate with
each other
but they should have spent more time
training not only does one blow up in
the forest while they're lily gagging
around
but the other does no research on whose
house they're barging into
and gets duped into killing his own
brother
on top on top on top of that these dudes
made stormtroopers look like
legolas with the amount of times they
miss like their coordination was so bad
i'm surprised one even caught on to the
fact that they were being duped by the
handler
you know some say the best luck is to
die at the right time
second would be having the vending
machine work so now with everyone set up
in this timeline
it's a race to go back to the future
from the 60s to 2019
allison chooses to leave behind her
husband and money her lover
klaus breaks up with his cults ben dies
dies
five kills the boy to save his family
luther picks a barbecue and diego gets
duped by reggie once again
where the hell is he hargreaves on the
other hand pulls up on the 12 as they
try to blackmail him with a secret
identity since
he doesn't agree with the assassination
plans that he was also a part of
so dude literally peels off his skin and
pulls a kaiser soze
dividing the 12 down into one as for the
final fight
look it reminded me a lot of looper the
handler ends up bringing in more people
than the battle of breaking dawn
but vania just comes in like captain
marvel and uh
suddenly it's over until they realize
that lila's a chameleon with the power
to mirror
all of them it is so nice to meet you
she's able to have superhuman strength
teleport spin the rumor so that it's in
her favor but i'm guessing the power she
adapts only lasts for a little while or
while she's fighting them and then gets
strapped when she switches to another
because i refuse to believe that this
man has the power of a true love's kiss
hell no
the handler then attempts to handle
another child as she continues to
manipulate everything in her favor
and there's even a timeline where she
almost does win which
considering the finale's title maybe she
did the end of everything
not everything just the end of
something but then five pulls a luther
and goes back for seconds
before getting shot and is able to save
the day once again
look i know the final swede was
overpowered here but i don't see how he
doesn't come back for revenge and alison
after what she did
or how these guys accepted someone into
their family who just tried to kill them
vania tries to take back her powers from
harlan in order to wrap the season
but boyce still has them afterwards herb
is now the chair of the commission and
shows up to clean up the final swede
joins the cult that claws left behind
lyla disappears with the case if she
imitates my dad's powers and the
umbrella academy go
back to the future as they arrive the
day after the apocalypse
april 2nd but still get through
this is the sparrow academy
please god explain now i highly
recommend the comic
way's clearly been inspired by some of
the greats it flows beautifully from
panel to panel with bazaar
and the story is so intricate that my
boy pulled up to the netflix offices
and gave them an 18-page dock that not
even benny off and weiss could miss
we skipped the first 50 issues we just
throw you right into what's fun about it
we don't do it origin stories we don't i
mean the origin is like one panel
like we just skip past all the boring
stuff and just get to the good stuff and
i
i think that's that's how the show is
true to the comic it just does the good
stuff
now when it comes to reggie i definitely
think he's playing everything from the
start like
i think the dark side of the moon
definitely has some stuff that we're
going to be learning about
and you know as bad as it seems for
luther maybe he wasn't there for a
purpose you know he had him up there to
be a space desmond who keeps watch
i'm also curious to see how the timeline
has changed right like obviously he met
these six
so he clearly did not want to pick him
up later in the future but he didn't
meet ben
so he may not even be known as ben even
though they are in like
they seem to be younger he's also killed
the 12. so i'm curious how that affects
the timeline because now he's the only
one in charge
on top of that this man has been
planning things since the start
how long has it been since five
disappeared
it's been 16 years four months and 14
days
your father insisted i keep track and
the comic his alien revealed is also
nonchalantly just
shown to you on page four so if that was
something that the show was holding i
can't even wait to see what else this
guy has planned
i want to know more about pogo and all
of the other chimpanzees that are out
there
diego and how he finds the human model
of his mom who
may end up getting replaced because now
she knows about reggie's nefarious plans
then there's even
harlan who still has his powers was
holding a sparrow
but considering that there's also going
to be a hotel oblivion storyline which
may be threes
i'm curious if he or somebody else ends
up becoming scientific man a really
quick note i wanted to make about the
music placement and the choices was that
uh it worked i really liked it something
it's something that a lot of netflix
productions and really a lot of
blockbusters have missed in my opinion
you know they'll sneak up on you with a
known song but the twist is it'll be
like in swedish
and unlike most shows we don't add the
music after we
see the cuts in the music we we do ahead
of time i encourage the writers to pick
songs i pick songs
so i'm a lot of time writing scenes to a
song that i already want to use
oh season one did so well they get his
mental blank check that was more
prevalent in season two i think because
the budget was bigger
and i asked for the sparrows they are
shown in the comic and i'm very curious
to see how many of them they keep
there's this one who like voodoos
himself and is able to hurt others
there's also like the other one who is
now the new number one so i'm sure
they're going to have like a complex
over here like a codename kids next door
thing going on
steve blackman and the writers and also
you know gerard wayne gabriel
who originated the comic they're so
specific of what they're going
that they had mentioned the sparrow
academy before we even lift shot a
single frame like season one but what's
cool is that there are some of them who
may have been there since the beginning
considering
all of the birds and the sparrows that
weren't just easter eggs in season two
but some characters who have been here
since the beginning
meaning that this is a show that they
have implanted things for season one
that we're not even gonna know are there
until
eight that is dope i'm also a person who
really wants to see more spin-offs from
the show after the eight because i think
you could do something with all the kids
there's even a spin-off comic coming out
for claus called you look like death
it's the kind of klaus story before
um the reunion of the family essentially
because
before the stars of a brother academy
they're all very very
strange they all haven't seen each other
and i believe it was 16 years
so there's definitely a lot more stories
that can be out there overall i do want
to see redemption for luther
i hope that vanya gets fully loved i
hope that diego finally is able to get
back at his dad but the one thing that i
definitely want to see
is the peppermint gang like for real
they're like the gang green gang going
wild
thank you guys for checking out this
video i'm curious your thoughts down
below in the comment section and a big
shout out to surshark again for
sponsoring this video
i'm curious to know your theories uh if
you've read the comics if you haven't
definitely do i think that they're
it's different than what's going on
right now in the show there's three
volumes out right now so they're
definitely going to surpass the comics i
want to say
uh but again unlike thrones they have a
whole document that's ready
on what's going to be out there and the
differences are cool like it's
definitely worth reading the comic
because not again just the way that it
flows but the story lines are a little
bit different
and it adds another layer to it so i'm
curious to know your theories anything
else that you may have noticed
back even in season one maybe in season
two anything that's going to come up
uh shout out to claus this man was doing
zoom interviews from home
making food at the beginning of some had
his nipple out for most of them
yeah this man is claws through and
through and i really hope that he at
least gets the spin-off
for claus uh as a netflix series
considering that he already has the
comment coming out but i'm questioning
your thoughts down below in the comment
section
don't forget to comment like and
subscribe to aiden's movie reviews